Update *BSD CI actions to the latest OS versions (#8719)
diffblue/cbmc: COMPILING.md

hand-written make files. The latest build steps being used in CI can be
[found here](https://github.com/diffblue/cbmc/blob/develop/.github/workflows/pull-request-checks.yaml).

> The Solaris 11 environmentsbelow have been used successfully in the past, but is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solaris 11 environments below have been used successfully in the past, but is
```

Author: Thank you!
